marvel-dashboard/README.md, before:

# Web Development Project 5 - *Brewery Dashboard*

Submitted by: **sheikh shihabun sakib**

This web app: **A Brewery Dashboard app that displays information about breweries, allows users to search and filter breweries, and fetches a random brewery upon request.**

Time spent: **9** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] **The list displays a list of data fetched using an API call**
- [x] **Data uses the useEffect React hook and async/await syntax**
- [x] **The app dashboard includes at least three summary statistics about the data such as**
  - [x] *The SummaryStats component calculates three summary statistics:
            -Total Breweries.
            -State with the Most Breweries.
            -Most Common Brewery Type.*
- [x] **A search bar allows the user to search for an item in the fetched data**
- [x] **Multiple different filters (2+) allow the user to filter items in the database by specified categories**

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [x] Multiple filters can be applied simultaneously
- [x] Filters use different input types such as a text input, a selection, or a slider
- [x] The user can enter specific bounds for filter values

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [ ] List anything else that you added to improve the site's functionality!

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='https://imgur.com/a/OGJO4Kd.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with ...  [ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/)
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
-api limitations, had to startover 2 times. 

## License

    Copyright [2024] [Sheikh shihabun sakib]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add dynamic bar chart and detailed brewery information view

marvel-dashboard/README.md, after:

# Web Development Project 5 - *Brewery Dashboard*

Submitted by: **sheikh shihabun sakib**

This web app: **A Brewery Dashboard app that displays information about breweries, allows users to search and filter breweries, and fetches a random brewery upon request.**

Time spent: **3** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] **The app includes at least one unique chart developed using the fetched data that tell an interesting story**
- [x] **Clicking on an item in the list view displays more details about it**
  - [x] To ensure an accurate grade, your sidebar **must** be viewable when showing the details view in your recording.
- [x]**Clicking on an item has a direct, unique link to that item's detail view page**
  - [x] To ensure an accurate grade, the URL/address bar of your web browser **must** be viewable in your recording.  


The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [x] The site's customized dashboard contains more content that explains what is interesting about the data
- [ ] The site allows users to toggle between different data visualizations

The following **additional** features are implemented:

* [x] List anything else that you added to improve the site's functionality!
- Detailed Brewery Information View:

    Each brewery in the list links to a dedicated detail page, which displays detailed information about the selected brewery.

    The detail view is accessible via unique URLs for easy sharing, thanks to React Router integration.

- A dynamic bar chart shows the distribution of brewery types based on the current list, giving users insights into the types of breweries available.
- The chart updates in real-time as users apply filters, enhancing the storytelling aspect of the data.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='https://imgur.com/a/rIe6jAv.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with ...  [ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/)
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [2024] [Sheikh shihabun sakib]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
